[TEST] Run e2e tests on Firefox (#1076)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js: docs/contributors/testing.md

- `build/test-report/e2e` for end-to-end tests

### Web Browser choice for end-to-end tests

By default, tests use Chromium and Chromium is installed by Puppeteer when running `npm install`.

To use Firefox instead, first install Firefox for Puppeteer, then configure Puppeteer to Firefox:
- on Linux or macOS
```bash
# install Firefox for Puppeteer
PUPPETEER_PRODUCT=firefox npm install puppeteer
# Run tests with Firefox
PUPPETEER_PRODUCT=firefox npm run test:e2e
```

> - on Windows
> ```powershell
> set PUPPETEER_PRODUCT=firefox; npm install puppeteer
> set PUPPETEER_PRODUCT=firefox; npm run test:e2e
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- on Windows (/!\ there is no space between firefox and &&)
```powershell
set PUPPETEER_PRODUCT=firefox&& npm install puppeteer
set PUPPETEER_PRODUCT=firefox&& npm run test:e2e
```
```

Author: directly managed by 8bac391

- `build/test-report/e2e` for end-to-end tests

### Web Browser choice for end-to-end tests

By default, tests use Chromium and Chromium is installed by Puppeteer when running `npm install`.

To use Firefox instead, use a `PUPPETEER_PRODUCT` environment variable: first install Firefox for Puppeteer, then configure
Puppeteer to use Firefox:
- on Linux or macOS
```bash
# install Firefox for Puppeteer
PUPPETEER_PRODUCT=firefox npm install puppeteer
# Run tests with Firefox
PUPPETEER_PRODUCT=firefox npm run test:e2e
```

> - on Windows using `cmd` (⚠️ there is no space between `firefox` and `&&`)
> ```batch
> set PUPPETEER_PRODUCT=firefox&& npm install puppeteer
> set PUPPETEER_PRODUCT=firefox&& npm run test:e2e
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- on Windows using `cmd`
⚠️ for some reason tests on windows are working only in mode `headless: false` (test/e2e/jest-puppeteer.config.js)
⚠️ in the following commands there is no space between `firefox` and `&&`
```batch
set PUPPETEER_PRODUCT=firefox&& npm install puppeteer
set PUPPETEER_PRODUCT=firefox&& npm run test:e2e
```
```

Author: managed with 63ff8ff

- `build/test-report/e2e` for end-to-end tests

### Web Browser choice for end-to-end tests

By default, tests use Chromium and Chromium is installed by Puppeteer when running `npm install`.

To use Firefox instead, first run the following command to install Firefox:

> - on Linux or macOS

Reviewer 2: Maybe, we should group the all actions for a specific OS together, to avoid mistake and search who are the sections to apply 🙂

Author: yes, this was a first shot. I will change this by what you suggest.

Author: fixed in c3a8cc9
